Masumi is a free software project.  When we talk about "free" in this
case we are talking about "freedom", not "free of charge".  Masumi
is released in the hopes that you will be free to learn the Japanese
language using your own resources and not locked into somebody else's
"system".  Paying for learning is not bad, but I believe that making
knowlege scarce so that people have to pay for it *is* bad for
everyone.  Thus Masumi tries to unlock this knowledge so that
everyone, regardless of their circumstances, can learn using their own
efforts. 

But there is only so much I can give you alone.  I have only so much
free time to donate to this project.  I rely on others, who have
similar aims and goals, to participate in whatever capacity they can.
You don't have to be a programmer.  Any skill that you have can be put
to good use.  If you wish to contribute, even if you have no idea what
you can do, please contact me at mikekchar@gmail.com.

As of this writing, here are the contributors to the project:

Martin Wong - Community Manager.  Martin is a graduate of Notre Dame
with a degree in marketing. His job on Masumi is to create the
community within which users and developers can thrive.  Members of
the Masumi community don't get paid with money.  Instead they get
paid with having a vibrant community that helps each other.

Piiichan (Arnaud Couturier) - Piiichan is a talented blender artist
and the author of the Momo chan blender file.  I'm hoping to use
this character as the mascot of Masumi.  I have contacted Piiichan
and hopefully he will be happy about it :-)  In the meantime, since
I have added the blender file to the release, I've added his name
here.

Mike Charlton - Lead Developer.  That's me.  I have seen authors
of other language learning tools say that if they spent half the
time studying that they spend making study tools, they'd be
fluent by now.  I am no exception.  I live and work in Japan and
speak Japanese every day.  But I'm still bad at it.  I love the
Japanese language and want it to be accessible to other people.
That's why I started this project.  Yoroshiku onegai shimasu!

